Change the `Elastic Managed LLM` to `Elastic Managed LLMs` (#4904)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/elastic-inference/eis.md

| Model                 | Request/minute  | Tokens/minute (ingest)  | Tokens/minute (search)  | Notes                    |
|-----------------------|-----------------|-------------------------|-------------------------|--------------------------|
| Claude Sonnet 3.7 {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3+`  | 400             | -                       | -                       | No rate limit on tokens  |

> | Preconfigured AI Connctor {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.0-9.2`   | 400             | -                       | -                       | No rate limit on tokens. Renamed to *Claude Sonnet 3.7* in later versions  |

Reviewer: This should remain Elastic Managed LLM, as users on 9.0-9.2 will only find the connector with this name.
```suggestion
| Elastic Managed LLM {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.0-9.2`   | 400             | -                       | -                       | No rate limit on tokens. Renamed to *Claude Sonnet 3.7* in later versions  |
```
